Stay Tune on Masak.TV
I'm Tirta Pane, I'm Faisal Lanin
back again with us at Masak.TV
On this Webisode,
we will make Lemper
(Lemper is an Indonesian dish
made of sticky rice
filled with chicken, fish or meat floss)
Same like parboiled, filled, steamed
and after that roasted
For the ingredients
we have white sticky rice and rice
For the filling
For the sticky rice,
don't forget to add Daun Salam (Bay Leaf)
Here is the chicken fillet
and then Yellow Sauce
And that's all
For the rice, mix with the sticky rice
and then parboil it
Same like when you make Nasi Uduk
And then steam and roasted it
Okay, so Faisal will wash the rice
and Tirta will sauté the seasoning
Prepare a spoon
Put the yellow sauce for 1full table spoon
Put the coconut milk in a bowl
Lower the fire
and we can put the chicken into the pan
In this part,
because I usually use thick coconut milk
I will add the water
Mix the chicken fillet
with the yellow sauce
until it mixed together
For the rice,
add a little coconut milk into it
and after that parboil it
This parboil same like we learn
how to cook Nasi Uduk
Untill the seasoning is absorbed
we have to mix all the ingredients
Until it parboil and we put it up
After that, we put the chicken fillet
& the rice into banana leaf and steam it
Put some salt and a little sugar
into the chicken
and mixed it until the chicken
become pieces
Also, put a few salt to the coconut milk
You reach to the boring step
but you have to keep doing it,
it is the stirring step
Keep stir it for over and over again
Water please, cun.
Put a few of water into the chicken
You can see,
the water has been absorbed
by the coconut milk
Actually, Lemper is not always filling
by sautéed chicken,
you may also fill it by floss too
and the taste is still good too,
such as chicken, fish and meat floss
We can taste the coconut milk
We can add a little coconut milk
Finish
It is okay, we will steam it later
You put a banana leaf upside down!
Put 2 full table spoon of coconut milk
on a banana leaf and fill it
with the chicken fillet in the middle
We add more chicken again
Roll up a banana leaf,
fold and flip both ends of a banana leaf
Take Lemper to the steamer pan,
make sure the water in the pan
has been boiled
As usual, we have to wait it
for 15 until 20 minutes
After that, we can grill it
Suddenly, I want to laugh!
Lemper is has to be grilled
Oh, the cable is crossing
Should we use the oil?
Maybe a little
Of course!
Is it already hot?
Yes, it is
The biggest Lemper was made by me
We take the biggest one,
especially for you
Move these Lemper to the grill pan
and grill them until the leaf turn brownish
After that, lift and drain these Lemper
We try to cut these Lemper
Ouch, this is hot!
This is perfect!
Oh, don't forget,
if you after steamed and grilled Lemper
and finally those Lemper are flabby
and you think you're fail
You're not fail because you're never eat
a hot Lemper
In my opinion, before you eat Lemper,
you have to wait until the heat
is subsided
Because when the heat is subsided,
sticky rice will settle
It is easy to make Lemper, isn't it?
Okay, I'm out from set
Thank you for watching our webisode
Keep watching another episode at
www.masak.tv
You can see anything such as recipes,
tips & tricks, glossaries
and video content
And also me, no Icun
The important thing is stay tuned at Masak.tv